GraphQL: Update pricing schema changes (#5512)
magento/devdocs: guides/v2.3/graphql/product/product-interface.md

`new_to_date` | String | The end date for new product listings
`only_x_left_in_stock` | Float | The "Only X left Threshold" assigned to the product. This attribute is defined in the `InventoryGraphQl` module.
`options_container` | String | If the product has multiple options, determines where they appear on the product page

> `price` | ProductPrices | Deprecated. Use `price_range` instead.<br/>The price of an item. A `ProductPrice` object is returned.

Reviewer: remove ending period

> `price_range` | [PriceRange!](#PriceRange) |  A PriceRange object, indicating the range of prices for the product

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`price_range` | [PriceRange!](#PriceRange) |  A `PriceRange` object, indicating the range of prices for the product
```

### ProductPrices object {#ProductPrices}

{:.bs-callout-info}
The `ProductPrices` object has been deprecated. Use the `PriceRange` object instead.

The `ProductPrices` object contains the regular price of an item, as well as its minimum and maximum prices. Only composite products, which include bundle, configurable, and grouped products, can contain a minimum and maximum price.

Attribute |  Data Type | Description
--- | --- | ---

> `maximalPrice` | Price | Deprecated. Use `PriceRange.maximum_price` instead. Used for composite (bundle, configurable, grouped) products. This is the highest possible final price for all the options defined within a composite product. If you're specifying a price range, this would be the "to" value.

Reviewer: remove ending periods

`minimalPrice` | Price | Deprecated. Use `PriceRange.minimum_price` instead. Used for composite (bundle, configurable, grouped) products. This is the lowest possible final price for all the options defined within a composite product. If you're specifying a price range, this would be the "from" value.
`regularPrice` | Price | Deprecated. Use `PriceRange.maximum_price` or `PriceRange.minimum_price` instead. The base price of a product.

### PriceRange object {#PriceRange}

The `PriceRange` object defines the price range for a product. If a product only has a single price, the minimum and maximum price will be the same.

Attribute |  Data Type | Description
--- | --- | ---
`maximum_price` | ProductPrice | The highest possible final price for a product
`minimum_price` | ProductPrice | The lowest possible final price for a product

### ProductPrice object {#ProductPrice}

> The `ProductPrice` object includes the regular price, final price, and any discounts applied to a product.

Reviewer 2: "and any discounts applied to a product" - it doesn't really include discounts applied, that might be confusing. It shows the price difference as a discount (not sure of a good wording though)

Attribute |  Data Type | Description
--- | --- | ---
`discount` | ProductDiscount | The amount of the discount applied to the product. It represents the difference between the `final_price` and `regular_price`
`final_price`| Money! | The price of the product after applying discounts
`regular_price` | Money! | The regular price of the product, without any applied discounts

### ProductDiscount object {#ProductDiscount}

> The `ProductDiscount` object indicates whether the discount applied to a product is fixed amount, such as $5, or a percentage, such as 10%. The discount originates from special pricing or a catalog price rule.

Reviewer 2: "...indicates whether the discount applied..." It doesn't show "whether" its fixed amount or percent, it shows the price discounts expressed as a percent and amount (again, I'm not great at the wording) :)

> The `ProductDiscount` object expresses the discount applied to a product as fixed amount, such as $5, and as a percentage, such as 10%. The discount originates from special pricing or a catalog price rule.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `ProductDiscount` object expresses the discount applied to a product as a fixed amount, such as $5, and as a percentage, such as 10%. The discount originates from special pricing or a catalog price rule.
```

Attribute |  Data Type | Description
--- | --- | ---

> `amount_off` | Float | The actual value of the discount

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`amount_off` | Float | The discount expressed as a fixed amount
```

### ProductTierPrices object {#ProductTier}

{:.bs-callout-info}
The `ProductTierPrices` object and all of its attributes have been deprecated. Use `TierPrice` instead.

The `ProductTierPrices` object defines a tier price, which is a quantity discount offered to a specific customer group.

Attribute | Type | Description
--- | --- | ---
`customer_group_id` | Int | Deprecated. There is no replacement because this value is not relevant for the storefront. The ID of the customer group

> `percentage_value` | Float | Deprecated. Use `ProductPrice.discount` instead. The percentage discount of the item

Reviewer 2: TierPrice.discount

> `qty` | Float | Deprecated. Use `ProductPrice.quantity` instead. The number of items that must be purchased to qualify for tier pricing

Reviewer 2: TierPrice.quantity

> `value` | Float | Deprecated. Use `ProductPrice.final_price` instead. The price of the fixed price item

Reviewer 2: TierPrice.final_price
